### PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS PRODUCT

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between (a) You
(either an individual or a single entity) and (b) PhotoStructure, Inc. (the
authors and copyright holders) that governs your use of the Product (any
software or hardware installed or made available by PhotoStructure, Inc.).

**If you do not agree to the following terms of this license, please uninstall
all software and return any hardware within 30 days of your purchase for a
proportionate refund.**

### Copyright

The Product is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws and
treaties. Photostructure, Inc. retains the title, copyright, and all
intellectual property rights in the Product.

### License

You may not separately publish, sell, market, distribute, lend, lease, rent, or
sublicense the software code, including license keys. The Product is licensed,
not sold.

### Limitation of liability

**In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence),
contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law (such as deliberate
and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing, shall any authors or
copyright holders be liable to you for damages, including any direct, indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a
result of this license or out of the use or inability to use the Product
(including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses).**

### Disclaimer of warranty

**The Product is provided "as is," without warranty of any kind, express or
implied, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose and noninfringement. In no event shall the authors or
copyright holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether
in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising from, out of or in
connection with the Product or the use or other dealings in the Product.**

### Limitation on reverse engineering and derivative works

Except to the extent that such restriction is not permitted under applicable
law, you are not permitted (and you agree not to) reverse engineer, decompile,
disassemble or create derivative works of or modify the Product.

### Privacy and consent to use data

**The Product will not share your photos and videos to any outside entity
without your explicit consent.**

PhotoStructure Customer Support may request access to problematic images or
videos, but will only access those assets that you explicitly consent to
sharing.

The Product will periodically and automatically download and install updates.
These updates may include bug fixes, security updates, and new features.

The Product may send crash reports and usage telemetry to us via a third party
(such as sentry.io). These may contain your PhotoStructure account, system
metadata, and recent product log messages.

### Termination of use

Your rights under this EULA will terminate automatically if you fail to comply
with any of its terms, in which case you must destroy all copies of the Product
and return any component parts.

### Amendments to this Agreement

Photostructure, Inc. reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or
replace this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at
least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a
material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
